Whilst looking at the man before him, he steadily narrowed his eyes.
With a face he was used to looking at, with a face he was tired of looking at, a face he thought that was even was distressful to look at, it was his own self. It was his own self, it was not his own self, though it was his own self, he did not believe it to be his own self.
That face had a reaction as if having been pricked with something unanticipated for the first time, it was gratifying.

Subaru: “……The closest person, huh.”

There were not many humans who loved their own self from the bottom of their heart.
Subaru particularly belonged to that category, and Subaru hated himself. Perhaps『Natsuki Subaru』was no different in that regard either. ーーSubaru,『Subaru』, hated himself.

However, as the closest person, when Natsuki Subaru saw『Natsuki Subaru』, to say this would be exceedingly embarrassing but, so cool, was the thought that crossed his mind.

Subaru: “I respect you, who is weak, hopeless, unable to do anything, but still, continues to struggle, and loves them. That’s whyーー”

‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”

Subaru: “ーーThe meaning of me, reading your『Book of the Dead』, was there.”

He had not opened up the『Book of the Dead』merely in order to gnash his weakness, to grieve the cease of trails, to slam grudges on his self who had the same face as his own self.
Of course, neither was it to have the megalomania of following​ up to the superhuman Natsuki Subaru’s​ roots and attaining unparalleled strength, granted.
What he sought was learning that『Natsuki Subaru』was merely human, his deeds, his path.

Subaru: “……You sure are a guy, who says embarrassing stuff suddenly, you.”

『Subaru』, who had remained frozen by Subaru’s oration until then, abruptly came alive.
『Subaru』had his eyes narrowed at the ill humourーー no, in a state of feeling somewhat awkward, he sharply gazed at Subaru and slowly stretched his fingers ahead,

‘Subaru’: “It’s pretty questionable for me to say it myself, but you sure can say all that after having looked back onto my entirety up until now. Now that it’s mentioned, it’s『Natsuki Subaru Starting Life in a Different World from Zero』, you know.”

Subaru: “Ah, it feels so weird to have the leading actor’s name be the same as yourself.”

‘Subaru’: “It’s better than having the heroine have the same name as your mom, isn’t it…… No, not that.”

Unreservedly reciprocating persiflage, Subaru exchanged a gaze with『Subaru』.
『Subaru』, who somewhat seemed to have tasted an under-shoulder swing down, he pointed at himself with his hand and,

‘Subaru’: “I had said all that earlier, but is this seriously okay? The possibility of me being a fake of Louis is not supposed to have completely disappeared, you know.”

Subaru: “It has disappeared. You didn’t revert even after I seriously hit you.”

‘Subaru’: “I mean, to revert back by that is just in the case of Yanagisawa’s copy ability……”

As per『Subaru’s』objections, that could not truly be used as rationale.
However, at that point in time, Subaru had let go of his scepticism regarding『Subaru』.
The reason for that was perhaps what『Subaru』had commented earlier.

For argument’s sake, even if Louis Arneb ate away one’s life away from head to toe without sparing a single part, he believed that she would not be able to reconstruct that face, that voice.
Because she did not have the ability to comprehend blessedness, felicity, happiness.
That is whyーー,

Subaru: “She, who loved nobody, cannot understand the emotion of『Returning by Death』for the sake of someone you love.”

‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”

『Subaru』before his eyes kept silent, as Subaru took a long, painful inhale.
Now that he had voiced it out, it was terribly stale, naught but sweet nothings pleasing to hear, nothing more. Yet he had been unable to discover any other responses.
That is why the『Subaru』before his eyes was unquestionably『Natsuki Subaru』.

Subaru: “Why are you, here? Were you waiting, for me?”

He recognised the『Subaru』before his eyes to be possessing the same roots as himself.
On top of that, the doubt surfacing in his mind, was regarding the two Subaru happening upon each other here.
Upon that question of Subaru’s,『Subaru』firmly stepped on the pure white floor,

‘Subaru’: “The reason why you and I met each other here, is because this place is the sole point of contact between you and me.”

Subaru: “The point of contact, between you and me……”

‘Subaru’: “The reason me, who has『Memories』within the tower, and you, who doesn’t have『Memories』, crossed over is just because of the『Book of the Dead』of this area. Both ahead of this and before this, you and I couldn’t have met each other.”

Subaru: “ーー. On second thought, let’s go back to the first question. Why, are you here?”

Without digesting the explanation『Subaru』gave, Subaru, once again, cast the same question.
Strictly speaking, he could not comprehend the logic behind the two Subaru coming across each other here. It ended up being that『Subaru』, who possessed『Memories』, and Subaru, who did not possess『Memories』, both existed alongside each other.

ーーThe rules of the formation of a『Book of the Dead』, its intricacies were unknown.
Now that if it were to be mentioned, the book of『Natsuki Subaru』piling up the count of deaths up until now was strange in itself. Precisely that was a phenomenon which if the『Deaths』of『Natsuki Subaru』were not being observed from outside of the world, it would not come into existence.
Did that mean, that Od Lagna fulfilled the role of that observer.

Subaru: “But if that’s the case then Louis, who was in the Hall of Memories, if she had been observing『Return by Death』, I don’t know for what reason she would be in such high spirits. If she can recognise that from the outside……”

‘Subaru’: “She may be staying in the Hall of Memories, but she can’t be its ruler. It’s ruler is…… probably a guy even more nasty, I think. If you consider it from this situation.”

Subaru: “I get it when you say it’s a nasty guy. The one most plausible is……”

Halting words there for once, Subaru and『Subaru』collectively stated.

“ーーThe『Sage』Flugel.”

They called that, to be the ill-natured utmost plausible personage.
The personage who had connections to the establishment of this Pleiades Watchtower, installing a『Trial』such that Reid was placed in it, furthermore, imposing an ascetic of unknown termination upon Shaula for four hundred years.
In all honesty, Shaula was pitiable. If it would be possible, then he wanted to snatch her away from that master of her’s.

Subaru: “Then, the reason for my self, both possessing and not possessing『Memories』existing alongside is……”

‘Subaru’: “ーー. That’s the type of question difficult to find an answer for. Since I am here, and you are here”

Subaru: “That’s just how, it is, huh……?”

Whilst feeling a sense of unease, catching『Subaru’s』words, Subaru drew his chin in.
The truth is it had been the kind of question lacking a question setter. Even if theories of some kind were to be arrived at, in the end, they could never provide the answer.
If this question must be investigated thoroughly, and the answer must be found, then it wasーー,

Subaru: “As long as you truly aren’t Louis Arneb, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

‘Subaru’: “That’s a pretty bothersome way to confirm. Do you, really trust me?”

Subaru: “I trust you I trust you. If you let me hit you one more time on the other side, I’ll trust you more.”

‘Subaru’: “Is that so. I wouldn’t say it’s the best bargain, you know.”

Interchanging frivolous dialogue in a relaxed manner, Subaru shrugged his shoulders at『Subaru’s』words.
The cowardly way of conversation for delaying the core of the dialogue like this, with other people aside, but when it was used with oneself it got seen through far too easily.
That is why, Subaru took it upon himself and for the third time, fired the same question.

Subaru: “He~y, another me. ーーFor what purpose, are you here?”

‘Subaru’: “ーーーー”

Subaru: “You must also be knowing, I won’t listen to something like that.”

Upon『Subaru’s』attitude, who opted for reticence, Subaru whispered with his black eyes straitened. Even after hearing that, he did not return back persiflage similar to the one until now.
Instead of that, what levitated in『Subaru’s』black eyes was the radiance that had always been present since the beginning.
Perhaps that was, often called, what is known as, the feeling of guiltーー,

‘Subaru’: “ーーHey, what do you think will happen, in unification of memories?”

That was why, Subaru had deliberately asked that question cheerfully.

 

△▼△▼△▼△

 

“ーーIn the pattern of a conversation about this trick, what would be the normal answer, huh.”

“I have no idea. Clearly, it feels like something which has no answer to it.”

“To be honest, you seem to be the more knowledgeable one here, do you know about any rules that would be advantageous to know about which I don’t?”

“You read the book dissecting me, didn’t you. It’s as likely as not.”

“As likely as not, huh.”

“As likely as not.”

“……If you and I carelessly bump into each other and one eliminates the other, if it’s something like that, what will you do?”

“Don’t say all that. Whatever you think when you’re anxious, generally I also think the same when I’m anxious, that’s why.”

“That’s that. Then, no hard feelings no matter which one wins, hm?”

“No, I sure will be crazy bitter. And so if I’ll be bitter, then that means you’ll be bitter too.”

“Well, I guess so. That’s, probably right. Hm, pretty shallow-■ed huh.”

“What did you say?”

“Pretty shallow-■ed…… huh, is something wrong?”

“……No, I just probably misheard, I guess.”

“ーーーー”

“ーーーー”

“Ah, that’s right. There are some things you may wonder about their possibility, so there are some things I want to tell you, can I?”

“Well, since you’ve heard everything I’ve said up till now go right ahead and say anything.”

“Originally, you were more informed than me regarding this world…… though that advantage has more or less disappeared by me reading the『Book of the Dead』, there are some things that have changed a bit, you know?”

“Things that have changed?”

“After losing『Memories』, I talked to everyone, I got to know everyone…… it’s the story of『Natsuki Subaru Starting Life in a Different World from Zero』you don’t know about.”

“ーーーー”

“First up, Meili, okay. She’s a bit, in various ways, saddled with bombs upon herself so it’s rough but she understands if you talk to her so please, properly talk to her. I’m imagining Meili-senpai to be pretty angry right now.”

“Yeah, got it.”

“And then, there’s this huge scorpion wandering about inside the tower, but it’s true identity is Shaula. That makes things really dangerous but…… she’s not doing that, because she wants to. Please, help her too.”

“Yeah, got it.”

“Oh, by the way, I forgot to say this, but when I met Louis I got my back kicked hard by Rem. Back then, I didn’t remember Rem, so it was only after I read the book did I recall what kind of a girl Rem was, but…… hmm, as expected, that had been my Rem.”

“No, it’s my Rem, you know.”

“No, mine.”

“Mine.”

“ーーーー”

“ーーーー”

“Ram had said. That when the season of snowmelt arrives, things invisible will be visible and will surely show their faces…… As expected of her.”

“Yeah, I guess so.”

“About that guy Julius….. well, it’ll be fine even if I don’t say anything, isn’t it. He’s not that unreliable, that I must tell you something about him.”

“Yeah, agreed.”

“Thank you, for apologising, to dad, and mom.”

“Yeah, hm.”

“Thank you, for saving Otto, and Garfiel.”

“Yeah.”

“Thank you, for saving Petra, Frederica, and everyone from Irlarm village.”

“Yeah.”

“Thank you, for taking Beatrice out, and holding her hand.”

“ーーーー”

“Emilia……”

“ーーーー”

“Thank you, for falling in love, with Emilia. I also, love her. I really love her.”

“……Yeah, I know.”

“ーーNatsuki Subaru. You are an amazing guy, I sincerely know that, if it’s you then it’ll certainly be alright.”

“Yeah.”

“ーーーー”

“Hm…… I guess so.”

“ーーーー”

 

 

“Yeah. ーーIf it’s us, then it’ll certainly be alright.”

 

△▼△▼△▼△

 

“It’ll be alright, huh.”

“Yeah, that’s right. Yeah, it’ll be alright.”

“You, are amazing, I sincerely know that.”

“……Yeah, but, hm. I have to say, that.”

“ーーーー”

 

“ーーLooks like my summer vacation is, over.”

 



 

△▼△▼△▼△

 

With a shake of their hands, a clichéd exchange had been the finale.

Subaru: “ーーーー”

He inhaled, and exhaled.
Likely, the unification had not been conducted in an irregular form. ーーNo, by all rights, there had been no supposition of the process of unification being carried out in this place.
Subaru’s very existence, all happenings that had very much occurred, all of them had been irregular.
That is whyーー,

Subaru: “ーーーー”

Standing stock still, Subaru finally noticed the tears rivulet down his own cheeks, when they dripped down his chin and fell as droplets.
For some reason or another, he did not feel like wiping them off, as seemingly those streaming tears certainly had not been shed by Subaru, is what it appeared as.
The tears shed by someone, who was right now, steadily melting together with Subaru, within Subaru.
And, repeatedly breathing deeply, he went around the consciousness within his mind. What had been scorched within his own memories, wereーー,

Subaru: “ーー~hk.”

Suddenly, twenty『Deaths』Natsuki Subaru was unmindful of, flashed back.
All of them, told of struggling and writhing within the tower, and the numerous『Deaths』which became a part of the course of events tastedーー as if getting taken over, the visuals of all worrying sections established a connection.
They had established a connection, but.

Subaru: “Even you, are crossing over the bridge more than sufficiently, you know……!”

His other self, who had lined up words thoroughly commending Subaru. Digesting his fight in solitude and his heavy struggle for trusting his comrades, Subaru arrived to an understanding.
Certainly, it was just as what Subaru had stated. ーーI can, respect you.

With such thoughts, deep breathing as if trying to decelerate his eccentrically rapid pulsebeat, he bowed his head.
After that, Subaru raised his face, and glared towards the front.

That was, the unchanging white space.
The area of blank space resulting from the Hall of Memories, which had produced his irregular state.
The place where another Subaru had been until merely a few moments earlier, who had shaken hands with Subaru. ーーLooking down onto the petite shadow of someone crowding that space, Subaru straitened his black eyes.
Andーー,

Subaru: “So. Did you get to see what you wanted to see. ーーLouis Arneb.”

Subaru softly asked that to the one who had proceeded to read through the『Books of the Dead』and had reached this place and subsequently disappeared, Natsuki Subaruーー no, Louis Arneb.